well how the mighty have fallen the
great Lance Armstrong the guy that was
the greatest athlete in all of history
let's name big exercise Jim's after him
let's have him be the big cancer
industry spokesman my goodness isn't
Lance Armstrong a great guy well you
know that I don't cover sports a lot
other than the fact that it's become a
societal distraction and diversion just
like it was in Roman times a
gladiatorial bread and circus but I have
lived in Austin for more than 20 years
my family is from Austin and I've gotten
to know all about Lance Armstrong back
at his height from friends and family
that let's just say we're friends with
his former wife and others and the
stories I would hear about this guy
seven eight nine ten years ago I could
hardly believe how sociopathic he is I
mean look at Sheryl Crow you know she
gets breast cancer he drops her now
she's that brain cancer she needs from
cellphones but that's one of the tip of
the iceberg wit Lance Armstrong and the
fact that he tried to intimidate
teammates and others into staying quiet
but I'm going to defend Lance Armstrong
here because the much dirtier more
corrupt system itself this is coming out
knew about all the blood doping knew
about the drugs the steroids that's
estas Tyrone the oxygen boosting systems
to where so many people are competing
with it you weren't even in the game of
you didn't and Lance Armstrong
reportedly tested positive and it just
got covered up in different races
because everybody was high on his star
and trying to ride it for cycling but
then after he faded then they can have
their cake and eat it too
and then basically destroying so he is a
minor player in all of this compared to
the real corruption going on at the top
that is now eviscerating him and
destroying him so I don't take any
pleasure seeing Lance Armstrong in
trouble and falling like this with the
new report that's out Cook will show you
some of that here
sefa Drudge Report comm we also have it
up at info wars.com I don't take in me
pleasure in his teammates turning
against him in fact it is very very sad
to see this and of course they're all
doing it just so they can sell books and
you know basically also exonerate
themselves but this is a guy right here
I mean he might as well be a Satanist
because Satanist are all into themselves
all of their personal power and
everybody else is crap to them you know
we have a video of Bill Maher saying he
wants more death abortions great deaths
great kill people we see these GMO
scientists and yet sterilization there's
too many people hey I want less people
on the highway but when everybody has
this attitude the society collapses take
Martha Stewart she didn't do any insider
trading they sent her to jail while the
big mega banks still trillions and it's
the same thing here like Tony Montana
says in the fictional Scarface written
by one amazing filmmaker Oliver Stone
he's there at the restaurant and they're
staring at me goes you need to point
your finger at me and say that's a bad
man we'll say good night to the bad men
and that's basically how this society
works and the corrupt feed people of the
Lions not at their Heights but after
they're done with them to look like
they're the good guys I mean of course
they know there's bounties in NFL to
hurt people of course there were drugs
involved in it they're still involved
and we need to stop lying to ourselves
about things most NFL games are rigged
most big boxing matches are rigged
that's all come out it's all rigged and
it's getting worse and worse because
we're naive and we feed into it you need
to boycott professional sports and go be
in sports yourself
now count care was a baseball team of
old people it doesn't matter
sports are great if your enemy okay but
it's become a sick sick thing in society
and it's been used before in society so
everybody's celebrating oh my gosh you
know he got caught he's in so much
trouble
he's the throne they love seeing
somebody big fall and also he study
societies anthropology sociology
psychology history the more decadent a
society gets the more the little people
get off on seeing big people fall and
the social engineers know that so they
give you what you think of as big people
Lance Armstrong is
not big if he would have used his
celebrity to expose the cancer rates are
expanding because of what's in the
vaccines and other things or if he would
have spent his time actually trying to
you know feed the poor or no no it was
all about arrogance in him and how great
he was and he's fallen he's discredited
he's a joke and I should add here that I
held back a long time ago talking about
him Lance Armstrong does not like me he
calls me the crazy conspiracy theorist
scumbag he's told multiple people in
business and in private like this and I
held my tongue for a long time and I am
gonna hold my tongue because I'm not
here about gossip just about Lance
Armstrong but I am covering this because
it can be a teaching experience in other
areas Lance Armstrong believed in the
system he went and rode his bike behind
george w bush at the ranch and all these
photo ops in this ambassador for the big
cancer industry in there and their
deadly treatments instead of the known
treatments that have a lot better cure
rate than what they're pushing it's just
disgusting
and oh how the mighty have fallen let me
tell you something i have met a lot of
movie stars rich people all of it most
of them are totally unhappy all of you
that feel inadequate because madison
avenue has told you you're nothing
you're on the movie star this narcissism
is going to destroy us you're not going
to be empowered by being a movie star
being a hip hop singer or a rock star
you're gonna be empowered by really
serving the community and being involved
and being informed I've experienced it
I've seen it from so many angles and I
just really see how society's been
captured and how it's been manipulated
and how we're turning into an idiocracy
you know the great film by my judge so
there you go you can read all the facts
on it and just the absolute evidence and
they've gone back and tested the blood
and all the rest of it the samples they
had but if you really read the fine
print what it shows is that this whole
thing was completely and totally rigged
that's what it really shows is that the
whole time they knew it and that's the
real scandal the real scandal here is
that they're just burning him to look
good themselves alright folks we got a
lot of problems the private felt reserve
the big world war they're trying to
start right now in the Middle East with
the turkey and the serious situation the
economic meltdown by design it's serious
gonna be covering it I hear on the radio
and TV that info wars.com for somebody
not come show there you go the inside
scoop on Lance Armstrong somebody that
left his wife and his kids somebody that
thinks he's God's light it thinks he's
better than everybody somebody thought
he was beating the system and knew how
to fool everybody no they let you think
you were fooling him Lance you see
because it was a conspiracy you were
involved in a conspiracy to cheat in
sports the evidence shows and the system
was there letting you think you were
winning the whole time and now
destroying you so you see the
conspiracies are real aren't they Lance
okay Alex I'm signing off for info
wars.com